# Story 1
  

# Story 2

This is a difficult memory, but one that illustrates several aspects of Andreea's personality and character which makes it worth bringing up.  Andreea married the love of her life Celia in March 2021 when traveling restrictions due to the Covid pandemic were in place.  With the borders closed, no family members living abroad were able to physically attend their wedding.  We participated virtually and celebrated them with many local friends in a lovely outdoor ceremony on a sunlit Saturday.  Usually Toronto's weather in March is still unforgivably cold, but on that day, heavens conspired and people could be outside without their coats! 

Once Covid traveling restrictions were lifted, Andreea and Celia wanted to have a second ceremony exactly one year later in Spain with their entire families.  Of course, I got the invitation and was counted on to be there together with my girls.  I was engaged at the time.  Sadly, my partner's physical and mental health had already been on a steady decline for several years to the point where our relationship became extremely strained and volatile.  In private, I could fold, accept, and mostly shield her behavior from others but she started associating Andreea with a host of strong negative emotions.  She pressured me to stop interacting with my sister.  It was a very painful time.  Trying to repair my relationship and be loyal to my fiancee, I complied with her request.  This meant that I could not participate and be near Andreea during her wedding celebration in Spain.  I know how hard it has been for me not to be there, and I'm sure it has been much harder for Andreea and Celia.         

I still feel the weight of this decision on a regular basis.  I want to highlight the understanding, the forgiveness and the compassion Andreea showed me at the time and ever since.  She has given me the space to make my decision without asking anything of me, without ultimatums, and with the utmost grace.  I appreciate and love her for that.  



# Story 3
This story goes "a few" years back, in 1994, when Andreea was 18 years old.  I was applying to PhD programs in the US, and part of the application process was that you had to take the Graduate Record Examination (GRE) test.  At that time, there was no internet in Romania and taking the test was a big ordeal because the test was only available in the capital which was several hundred miles away.  And there were no study materials available.  Even ordering a book was very complicated because banks didn't quite know how to make foreign payments to the USA.  Eventually, I was able to order a book with tests, and when it came I was super excited to do a test.  It was a book for the General Test which supposedly measures natural intelligence.  So together with my friend we sat down and took the test, struggling through the sections, vocabulary, logic, etc.  When we checked our results, we were disappointed to see that there was a large gap between where we were and what the admission levels were.  We  swallowed our pride and concluded that we had to work harder to get our scores higher if we were to be successful. 

Then Andreea came home, and interested in the hubbub, said let me take a look at the test too.  And without any preparation, when she was done, her scores in the logic section were higher than ours.  We tried to see how she did it, but we couldn't understand her notes or follow her decision process.  We had to declare her approach superior for getting to the correct result faster!  I was just recently reminded of this story by my friend, who apparently still didn't get over the fact that Andreea, without any prior training, just scored higher than him.  Over the years, I came to appreciate that this wasn't a fluke; Andreea has a natural way of figuring out things that seems effortless at times, and I admire this in her. 

