# Chapter 1

## Table of contents

Control how the table of contents is generated by creating a file `SUMMARY.md` that 
links to sections of the book, each in an `md` file itself.  For example, a 
summary file with the contents
```
# Summary

[Introduction](introduction.md)

[Proposal](proposal.md)

[Examples](examples.md)
```
will include only 3 sections that link to the respective files in the `src` folder.


## How to use images

Below is one figure that extends the entire width of the page.  To add it 
use 

`\{{#include assets/two_days.html}}`
{{#include assets/two_days.html}}



## How to use links

Simply enter `[ISO New England](https://www.iso-ne.com/)` to refer to World's most 
favorite ISO.  It will display as [ISO New England](https://www.iso-ne.com/).


## How to use special notes 

To spruce up your content, consider adding notes with different colors that attract 
the reader's attention.  For example, you can create a note like this:

> **ðŸ“ Note**  The data above is for RT demand not load.  Over time, 
> as more and more batteries are added to the system and charge 
> during the mid-day dip in load, it will lead to an increase in 
> \\(D\\). That's why we recommend calculating \\(D\\) using the RT
> load not RT demand data.

A warning can be added like this

Default values for function arguments are bad!  Parse, don't validate!


</div>



## How to use math 

Add the fragment below to `book.toml` file.
```
[output.html]
mathjax-support=true
```

You can now add stand alone formulas
\\[ D =  \frac{1}{t_f - t_i} \int_{t_i}^{t_f} w(t) dt  - \frac{w_i + w_f}{2},\\] 
or you can add inline math between the separators `\\(` and `\\)`, for example 
\\(T = t_f - t_i\\).




